feat(optimizeImage): add a button to optimize image on demand (#4)
ekino/EkinoTinyPngSonataMediaBundle: README.md

$client->optimize($inputPath, $outputPath, $overwrite);
```

## Add a call to action in your admin to optimize media on demand

> This bundle allowed you to add an action on your admin in order to optimize yours medias on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bundle allows you to add an action on your admin in order to optimize your media on demand.
```

> If you know what you are doing, you can add the `OptimizeImageTrait` to your controller :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you know what you are doing, you can add the `OptimizeImageTrait` to your controller:
```
